[OKTA-856135] Archive (#5298)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/index.md

You can identify your product type and release version from the Admin Console. The page footer contains the cell number for your org, your org type (Preview or Production), your product type (C - Classic Engine, E - Identity Engine), and the release version.

[Identity Engine 2025](/docs/release-notes/2025-okta-identity-engine/)

Learn about features and fixes deployed to Okta Identity Engine.

[Classic Engine 2025](/docs/release-notes/2025/)

Learn about features and fixes deployed to Okta Classic Engine.

> Older release notes can be found in the [Archive](/docs/release-notes/archive) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find older release notes in the [Archive](/docs/release-notes/archive) section.
```
